you
you're involved at the Oregon Health
Center tell us a little bit about how
your Center works you know the kind of
patients who are referred to you there
and how this would apply to people
around the country where should they go
for gene testing if they think they need
it how does the process even begin
besides from people like me share with
us your wisdom and insights well you
know I'm a primary care physician I'm a
family physician by training and I think
the best place to start with pretty much
any medical questions with your primary
care provider whether that's a family
physician and internists your ob/gyn
nurse practitioner who ever you see for
most of your health care is a great
place to start because they can help you
start to determine if you even need to
be worried about it as Kim pointed out
earlier if it's just that your mother
had breast cancer when she was 70 that
probably doesn't change your risk as
much as if your mother had breast cancer
when she was 40 and your primary care
provider can really help you start to
answer that question and figure out
whether it'll make sense to be sent to a
referral centres such as oregon health
and science university or to a genetic
counselor such as kim
hi I'm dr. Jay harness and I want to
share with you important information
that I believe that every newly
diagnosed patient with breast cancer
needs to know I'm a breast cancer
survivor I am a breast cancer survivor I
am a breast cancer survivor and I want
every woman to know about personalized
breast cancer treatment and the genomic
test a test that helps guide a woman and
her doctor to the best treatment options
for her
pass it on
you